Bump `postcss-load-config` to be able to load PostCSS configs defined as ES Modules (#1231)
vanilla-extract-css/vanilla-extract: .changeset/tasty-ducks-try.md

---
'@vanilla-extract/vite-plugin': patch
---

> Bump `postcss-load-config` so to be able to load PostCSS configs defined as ES Modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bump `postcss-load-config` to enable loading PostCSS configs defined as ES Modules
```

Author: 🧠💨
